Product BackLog:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Zv_ItkDt9cSYRsCiaYMDgIkXQmfWrytebtxd2gA6BGc/edit?usp=sharing

The system itself (backend):
Problem:
    How do you calculate chest, waist, thigh size without a measuring tape. 
        - HARD:
        - Are there any anatomically mathematical formulas that could discard the tape?
        - Can we use smartphone technology in some way that could do the measurements?
        - EASY:
        - Or should it be based on likelihood, with previous appeal preferences? 

User: 
    If the user already owns clothing they are happy with, then use that appeal as a reference. 
    If not? Measuring Tape? 

Admin: 
    Need to provide information of the size grades for each size (xs, s, m, l, xl etc..)
    Category of the appeal and its sub-category (e.g. category: cycling, sub-category: dirt)


Meeting with Manikas:
5-10 ways of already existing solutions. (ways of measuring, measuring tape, easysize etc..)

Discover the architecture. If there is no academic litterature, then look at the technology itself. 

We need to conduct experiments. The experiment will end in a validation. For example, the traditional way versus our application. The amount of time, and thoughts of the process etc. Such that we have empirical data. 

Who owns the product. 

Discover the startup.

Can you make the measuring generic?

How much machine learning is there? How much is low tech and how much is high tech? 

How much data is needed? Incentive driven questions, the question seems irrational, 

Experiement result: If very little machine learning, then try machine learning or AI. 

By june: we know what is out there, and we have an idea of what we want to do.


Meeting with Sam (Clothes designer):

fit models is all about feedback. 

Fit garments on mannequinns 

At chpt3: 
	small and large grade score is tweeked. 
	
Change the size after comments

The problem:
Human mistakes - fabric manufacturing - error in production
Lykra is better than elastain - you can buy it from any manufacture. They found a way of controlling the manufacturing process. 

Sowing - 1-2cm tolerance - one sieze, order sieze 10, tolerance can be different up to a whole size.

How likely is error? Quite likely.

When the size is returned - it often ends in landfills. Size accounts of 50% of all returns. 
CHPT3: returns procentage:...

Data on returns.. too small or too big? feedback loop. 
If the 50% too small and 50% too large, then it might not be a product problem? (Sam)

Grade scores: Are those possible to get for other brands as well?:
LTP - the factory. They are kinda useless. 
Addidas: Some of their items 4 increment. 
	standard models - than increment cm's to that size. 
chest 2.5cm increments. Sport: increment 2 cm, compression, 1.5cm increments.  

Worked better in past: weight/height and bodyshape. Difficult for women. The shape instead. 
For women: bra size is a good indication. 

Hip/Waist/Chest

Huge market in asia. 

Good litterature to search on, is body sizes differences over the time, people are getting fat. 

Plan:
Fit session beginning of march - matching with other brands.

Racefit: super thight 

Pants - saddle have an impact - and so does the padding.

Doing measuring can go wrong. Height and Weight is more measurable correctly. 




